# helpTip

Show a collection of tooltips to new users of your site
to help them understand the elements of the page.

## Options

- `ttl` integer Time to live for the cookie to don't prompt to user, in days. Default is 30 days.
- `tips` array Collection of tips to show in your page. Each tip is a hash with these options:

### Options for each tip

- `highlight` string CSS selector of the item you want to highlight.
- `title` string Tittle for the tip to display.
- `text` string Text to display in the tooltip.
- `xy` hash Hash containing x, y adjusting for position
- `position` string Overrides absolute position for cases when fixed is needed
- `side` string top|bottom|left|right position of the blue dot.

## Instructions

Include the js file in your head, along with the css.

Then you create the tooltips you want to show. Each tooltip is appended to an element, the one you want to highlight.
Each tooltip has some configurations (read above) to customize the title, text and position of the dot.

For example:

<pre>
$.helpTip({
    tips: [
        {
          title: 'Participate! Help us in moderating content',
          text: 'Decide if the content stays by voting the entries up and down according to your preference',
          highlight: '.participate-voting.ad',
          side: 'bottom',
          position: 'fixed',
          xy: {x: 600, y: 10}
        },
        {
          title: 'You can post articles, videos, and images here',
          text: 'Paste the link of the article, image URL or video that is relevant to this topic',
          highlight: '.voice-bar',
          side: 'top'
        },
        {
          title: 'You can view and filter your content here',
          text: 'Filter according to the type of content or by time it was submitted',
          highlight: '.filter.select.left > .button',
          side: 'bottom',
          xy: {x:50}
        },
        {
          title: 'Request a voice',
          text: 'Didn\'t find what you were looking for? Request it here',
          highlight: '.pageSlide-request',
          side: 'right',
          xy: {x: 20, y: -70},
          position: 'fixed'
        },
        {
          title: 'You can search for other voices here',
          text: '',
          position: 'fixed',
          highlight: '.search-wrapper',
          side: 'top'
        }
    ]
});
</pre>

## Demo

You can see it working if you enter for the first time to any voice in [Crowdvoice](http://crowdvoice.org).

## Credits and contributors

* Rene Monroy
* Edgar J. Suárez

This is a [Freshout](http://freshout.us) open source plugin. Check out our others [open source projects](http://github.com/freshout).

## License

Released under the [MIT License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)
 
